Name: Andrew Rozenblit
utln:        arozen01

Answer the questions below, and submit your answers under the assignment
"MetroSim Design Checkoff" on Gradescope. You must sign up for a design
checkoff slot with a TA to discuss your provided answers (see spec for link).

Unless otherwise specified, your answers below should be *brief*: no more
than three sentences/question.

        
1. Are you comfortable with reading from stdin (user input) and a text file 
in C++? Are you comfortable reading different types (e.g. ints and strings)?

Answer: yes. 

2. What happens when I move the train (with 'm m') when the train is at the
last provided station? 

Answer: It moves back to Station 0. 

3. What classes will you need in your program? What interfaces (i.e. 
functions) do they each provide? 

Answer: I will need MetroSim class, Passenger Class, and PassengerQueue class. 
The PassengerQueue class will be the data structure that I wil use to represent
the Train and it will use the functions front(), dequeue(), 
enqueue(const Passenger &passenger), size(), and print(std::ostream &output). I
will use a LinkedList. Then Passenger Class will had 3 private instance 
variables: ID, starting station, and ending station, and then getter 
functions that will get all these variables. Finally the MetroSim class will 
drive the program and it will have the private instance variables: an array 
with all the stations and an array of all the PassenegerQues and the functions 
FINISH HERE .  

4. How will you implement add a passenger to a station? How will this 
impact the data structure(s) you use to represent the stations in the 
simulation? 

Answer: I will first create a new passenger object and then add it to the 
proper PassenegerQue list. It will impact the data structure by adding a new 
passenger to it. 

5. How will you implement moving a train from one station into the next? 
How will you put passengers onto the train? How will you take off the
correct passengers who are leaving at the next station? How will these 
considerations impact the data structure(s) you use to represent the 
train in the simulation? 

Answer: my MetroSim class will be in a while loop with the condition that it 
runs until the user inputs m f. With each iteration the train will progress to 
the next station or return to the first station if at the end. Each 
PassengerQueue will represent the people getting off at a prticular station 
so at eahc station I will remove all elements of the PassengerQueue that
applies to that station.                                                                                                                                                                              

6. Does command behavior change based on the source of commands? 
Based on your answer, how could we modularize our command processing
code? Be as detailed as you can.

Answer: The command behavior would be identical regardless if it came from 
user input or a piped in file. We could modularize it by having the same code 
run regardless of the input type. 

7. How do you plan to test your program? What evidence of testing do
you plan to submit? 

Answer: I plan to use unit testing to test my code. I will create individual
tests to test all attributes of the code I right. I plan to submit those 
unit tests. Additionally, using my unit tests I will diff check my code 
against the demo to make sure there are no differences.

8. What is your timeline for completing this project? What would you like 
to have completed, and by which dates?   

Answer: I want to have this project done before the due date. I plan on 
spending the next two weekends working on it. 