Name: Andrew Rozenblit
utln:  arozen01     

Answer the questions below, and submit your answers under the assignment
"CalcYouLater Design Checkoff" on Gradescope. You must sign up for a design
checkoff slot with a TA to discuss your provided answers (see spec for link).

Unless otherwise specified, your answers below should be *brief*: no more
than three sentences/question.

        
1. Are you comfortable using try-catch? 

Lets say my program consists of: 

funcA() {
     throw runtime_error() 
}

funcB() {
    workA()
    funcA()
    workB()
}

funcC() {
    try {
         funcB()
    }
    catch(runtime_error) {
       workC()
    }
}

I call funcC(). Which of the "work" functions will be called, and in what order?

Answer: First workA() will be called then the runtime_error will be thrown, 
which the catch will catch and workC() will be called.

2. What happens if I try to perform "+" between a string and an integer? Which
   elements are popped off the stack and remain popped off?

Answer: They will both be popped off, and then error message will be printed 
to std::cerr, and the two elements will never be readded to the stack. 

3. What does `exec` do? What does `file` do? What does `if` do?

Answer: Exec, assuming that the top most element on the spec is an rstring, 
processes the rstring as a sequence of commands. If topmost element not an 
rstring then print error to std::cerr. The file command, assuming that the top
most element on the stack is an rstring of a file, will open the file and read
in the commands as if they were inputted into the terminal. The if command, 
assuming that the order on the stack is top: rstring of false case, rstring of
true case, and then the boolean condition, will pop of all three, evalutate the 
boolean and then if true process the true case and if false process the false 
case. 

4. How will your program interact with the user? What should happen if your
   program encounters an error during this interaction?

Answer: The program should read in the input of the user and push it onto the 
stack. If the program encounters an error, depending on the error, it should
either print a message to std::cerr informing them they are unable to do that 
task and why, or throw an exception. 

5. What classes will you need in your program? What are the important functions
   and member variables that those classes will comprise? How will the classes
   interact (i.e., which classes will be clients of others)?
   What data structures will you use? It is okay if you use more than three
   sentences here. Feel free to provide your answer in list form.

Answer: I will need to write three classes. Firstly, I will have the DatumStack
class, which will represent the stack data structure that the program is 
contingent on. This class will use two constructor functions (one default and
one with members already ready to push onto the stack), a clear function to 
remove all elements from, an isEmpty function to check if the stack is empty,
a size function that returns the size of the stack, a top function that gives
the last element of the list, which would be at the top of the stack, a pop 
function that removes the last element of the list, and finally push that will
add new Datum to the stack. Then I will write parseRString() which will read
in the RPN string and make sure it is properly formatted. Finally I will write 
the RPNCalc class to run the program and complete the functions necessary.
I will have a function to complete the functions of each of the "small" and 
"big" tasks. As such, I will have the following functions: #t, #f, not, print,
clear, drop, swap, an operator function, and boolean operators, as well as,
exec, file, and if. 

6. There are three sources of input for processing commands: cin, files, and
   rstrings. What C++ data type can allow you to write the same code that
   handles commands from all three of these sources?

Answer: I can use std::istream in order to write the same code that handles 
commnds from all three of those sources.

7. How do you plan to test your program? What evidence of testing do
   you plan to submit? 

Answer: I plan to unit test the DatumStack class and parseRString. I then 
plan to write diff tests to test the RPNCalc class, and compare the ouput to 
the demo.

8. What is your timeline for completing this project? What would you like to
   have completed, and by which dates?        

Answer: I would like to have this project completed by the deadline.
